 Are you a prospective employer?
        Are you here to get to know drbretto?
        Are you curious?

        I Am The Truth - These are my guiding words, and it has many meanings. 
        
        It's a promise. To myself and to others. 
        
        It is recognition that I am what I do, not what I think. I do not lie to myself. 

        It means facing problems head on and always moving forward.

        It is a fundamental truth. 

        I am the truth, and so are you. In the context of this document, it is a promise that everything you see on this page is the truth as best 
        I can see it, so that we can begin our relationship on a bed of trust. 

        There will be a chance to offer feedback at various points along the way. Please do not hold back. My second favorite thing on this Earth is finding 
        out that I am wrong about something. Because it always leads to my favorite thing. 
        
        Any information I can use to identify what needs to be improved the most helps me organize my learning paths. 

        What this site is. I am not a graphic designer, but will be. 

        For now, a simple collection and presentation for prospective employers. Eventually an experience in and of itself. 
        To show enough to demonstrate enough understanding of React to be playful, but this does not represent what I am ultimately capable of.

        Who
          p - intro video

            I think this gives a decent idea of the kind of energy I bring. I am the world's most introspective monkey, and that is ultimate the source of my "superpowers"
            I had a teacher once, a crazy old senile guy. He pulled me aside one day and told me that I was one of the very few 

          d - 

            Just a guy trying to understand the universe he's made out of. He is a deeply introspective person, driven by pursuit of truth
            more than comforts. Though, admits it's a whole lot easier to pursue truth when you are comfy. 

          c - 

            

        What

        When

        Where

        Why


        I believe the secret sauce isn't on the left, the right or the center. It's about balance and adaptability. It's about the big picture and the small.
        I want to work for a company that understands that as much as I do. It's about facing hard truths and abandoning ideas that are proven false, not patching the holes.
        It's about personal AND external responsibility. What do you owe to yourself? What do we owe to each other? 
        
        It's about recognizing and avoiding anti-information, while knowing when to know your understanding is limited. 
        
        I am a lifetime student of the human condition. A raging ball of energy, positivity and insight just begging to be useful.

My ideal environment would be to find a company whose core resembles my own. A comfortable working environment, which I believe breeds better 
quality of work. 

I believe in balance of all aspects of life. I would give as much passion to my work as I do with my art. Everything I learn builds back into the core, 
spilling over into everything I do. My drive to learn will be your benefit as my place in the company naturally bubbles up as I go along. 

        This is a rough draft, but so am I. I am applying for an environment to grow. I assure you, the payoff will be worth it. I am hell bent on growth
        

why drbretto?
 I am not a real doctor. I am a doctor like Dr Dre, Doctor Who and Doc Brown are doctors. I am a lifelong student of the human condition. I have a gift
 insight and understanding. I am a deep learning algorithm trained on truth. 

 What this means is I am a lifelong learner, as a primary function. I am an autodidact, well read and well considered. but remain as scientifically grounded as humanly possible. 
 I like to fully appreciate the most mundane details to build a better foundation for understanding the whole. This arms me against mistruths in a time 
 of rampant mistruths. These skills I have developed have turned me into the kind of mind you want to bounce your ideas off regardless of subject. 
 You will swiftly grow to trust my judgment. 

 And at the same time, by virtue of my unique learning methodologies, I am far more likely to come up with a wholly unique solution to unsolved problems. 
 You can't read about my insights in a book. For better or worse, I am original content. 

 I prefer a relaxed environment, one that leaves me enough energy to continue my studies. I have always ended up in some kind of leadership role as 
 a natural  
 
 I do not require (nor do I appreciate) micromanagement. If I am led to understand what I am responsible for solving and when it needs to be solved by, 
 it will be solved by that time, or I will make sure to get an extension if there are unexpected challenges. I am the only one knows how to pilot
 this meat-mech, and my expertise is in managing and balancing my personal resources with maximum efficiency. I prefer a management style based on guidance 
 and learning opportunities. 

 ever increasingly longer term goals - then the credit biggest


 click here for millenial translation - wwf guy meme

Balance: Truth isn't left, right or center. It's not the whole picture, it's not the small picture. It's balance. Like balance, requires both a 
degree of internal flexibility and external perspective. 

I would give as much passion and drive to the professional branch of my life as I would to my studies, as well as my personal life. 